platform: add radxa e25 support (#11)
RadxaYuntian/mraa: docs/radxa_e25.md

> Radxa E25 {#_Radxa}

Reviewer: 需要注明Radxa E25 V1.3是不支持的，只支持1.4及之后的版本

Reviewer: 这个还没处理

Author: 在这标明了
[radxa e25: fix step 2](https://github.com/RadxaYuntian/mraa/pull/11/commits/8cd1282ad1b22c754f1f85a25d4bc0f8ed47634e)

|             |             |           |UART7_RX_M1|GPIO3_C5   |   13  |   14  |     GND   |             |           |            |            |
|SPI1_MOSI_M1 |             |           |           |GPIO3_C1   |   15  |   16  |   GPIO2_D2|             |           |            | SPI0_CSO_M1|
|SPI1_CSO_M1  |             |           |           |GPIO3_A1   |   17  |   18  |   GPIO0_C6|             |           |     PWM7_IR| SPI0_CS0_M0|
|SPI0_MOSI_M1 |             |           |           |GPIO2_D1   |   19  |   20  |    GND    |             |           |            |            |
|SPI0_MISO_M1 |             |           |           |GPIO2_D0   |   21  |   22  |SARADC_VIN5|             |           |            |            |
|SPI0_CLK_M1  |             |           |           |GPIO2_D3   |   23  |   24  |   GPIO4_C6|             |           |    PWM13_M1|            |
|             |             |           |           |  GND      |   25  |   26  |   GPIO3_C0|  UART3_RX_M1|           |    PWM13_M0|            |

Supports
--------

You can find additional product support in the following channels:

> - [Product Info](https://docs.radxa.com/en/compute-module/e25)

Reviewer: 地址按照文档群里面说的更新

Radxa E25 {#_Radxa}
====================

Radxa E25 is a Rockchip RK3568 based SBC(Single Board Computer) by Radxa. It can run Android or Linux. Radxa E25 features a four core ARM processor, 64bit dual channel 3200Mb/s LPDDR4, HDMI up to 4K60p, MIPI DSI, MIPI CSI, 3.5mm combo audio jack, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.0, USB, GbE LAN, and 40-pin color expansion header. Radxa E25 is powered by the USB Type-C port, and supports 5V input only. The recommended power adapter is 5V/3A without SSD, or 5V/5A with SSD.

Interface notes
---------------

- All UART ports support baud up to 1500000.

> - Radxa E25 V1.3 is not supported, only versions 1.4 and later are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Radxa E25 v1.3 or earlier with 10-pin header are **NOT** supported. Only v1.4 or later with 26-pin header are supported.
```
